Everybody saw a hope.
This section has give you a better understanding of pagg basics and that knowledge will come in really
useful in the next section where we're going to be build in our role.
Carson were press Feme and convert an existing website to Wordpress.
So as you go through the next section we'll be referring to the word press.
Kodaks quite regularly which you can find at the kodaks dot Wordpress.
OK.
So the codex is the online manual for wordpress.
And it's a repository for wordpress information and documentation.
It covers pretty much everything you need to know about WordPress including field developments.
Plug in development and how to contribute to Wordpress and get involved yourself.
We'll be using a lot in the next section to browse through function references.
So for example if you want to know how to work with a particular function so such as the tags were typed
in the search.
And then look for the function reference which is the tags.
I never can find out exactly how to use this particular function.
One final aid description about the function.
I will also have an example of usage.
So can often just copy and paste a fortune in or theme.
So this particular form includes the tags which are associated with a blog post and displays them on
the screen.
You can often find out more information such as the parameters which the function takes in.
So for example this one takes in before after a separator.
So before and after simply sets which text to display before and after the individual tag.
An separator is a value such as a comma or a dush which you want to pour in between each one of the
tug's.
And if you don't quite find the function they look for.
Scroll down answer the bottom often has a list of related tags which you can take a look at and find
exactly what it wants.
So it's worth bookmarking the code x hours.
A great resource for learning new things about Wordpress and also for checking up on a sample usage
for things such as functions.
I will see more of the code x as we go for the next section.
So thank you.
I now will move onto the next section where will convert a existing website to Wordpress.